well you guys local back let's play
pokemon ranger last time we're going
through that macho corridor and i
managed to pick up to sue let's go back
to that one corridor hi Magneton not
gonna call it in problems hey Emma Tang
you are you gonna cause problems all
right well I don't need it but that's
why I'm just kind of circling run away
there we go okay run and who all right
wait no problem don't and so once plane
to Oregon Iowa or something hey at eat r
and l tar book wanna go go welcome to
our secret base even if you're in a
hurry stop in your tracks and then what
is it let your ears your melodic attacks
open your ears on close enough and then
it's the rhythm of rage pounds of ground
yes ha oh it's the last one um something
about ambition Rice's guys let the
melody of ambition rise to say I mean
all right well I almost got it if you
don't know is will cheer your ignorance
Billy Garrett clinic Tiffany will go
wrong squads hot prospect banner Keisha
pure if she can take your celebrity that
and any ones are never going to go rock
quads then dinner dead oaklands our
secret base we were expecting you
remember what they said about the garage
squad changes a history of the Rangers
that's fantastic news isn't it so why do
you keep trying to mess with that think
about the garage squad supposed to be
messing with the Rangers but it's been
the other way around that's just not
right what's going on here or is the
super cellular you took for the
professor things that you've been
cornered drop your fuel resistance and
return to super silent and where is your
boss Gord or if it's something we borrow
we'd give it back but we took that thing
why would we need to give it back even
though parasite has been made professor
Hastings super sila is still an
important example it's not something
we're just about to hand over without a
fight oh are you trying to call us out
here buddy you're also mistaken it's not
like our boss is hiding from the likes
of you hitting the fee or temple working
on the final experiment but knowing
that's not gonna help you now it's too
late for that hahahahahahahahaha
like the third time he's doing that I've
had to pass here with your mellow melody
that fix that's not all you beat my bill
is Clyde and Garrett and my little sis
Tiffany not just once but twice each
it's about time I settled accounts with
four with you for my beloved sibling
it's payback time tyranitar show time
for you and your brother feel my anger
and let it spread them appraised pound
the ground that's not your lyric oh man
oh hi pupitar a lot of you to join it
old man crazy music okay well this is a
very annoying battle and I want to catch
people are there first if not picture I
mean levers are you guys attack pupitar
or Peter I guess oh no oh man um yeah
our tar can you just go away please yes
yes no no no no no no no no old man
hyper beam okay Hyper Beam a you tackle
or something no no what what's that I
don't know Hyper Beam hyper beam you
tackle over there and laboratory not
gonna cause me any problems you are
right here no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no yeah okay no I believe
everything crash into tyranitar he
earthquakes geez and for a pube sorry
Rock psychical
I'm gonna show it off there you go SE
fun ha alright rigor yes okay that's one
down man now I know pusle discharge will
work on I tyranitar there but now pupae
terasu i'll try to get slower no I mean
tyranitar first or no while he is
discharged I can try to get pupitar yeah
okay because I think people are the most
annoying here Lara tart isn't so bad
tyranitar so many tars here oh man yeah
say I could easily circle right here um
tyranitar boots are going yes okay get
in their puzzle please pupitar go like
over here over to the left keep going
keep going keep going keep going no
can't go away aah no aah what was that
aah ouch ok I can take one we're having
fun jeez and there will scan attack
tak
attack thank you no all right I'll take
that as my time to heal
ok
ha i really wish pupitar would go away
though yes ok right here No ah yeah good